Anomaly Advisor documentation edits (#17518)
netdata/netdata: docs/glossary.md

- [**Alarm Entity Type**](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/src/health/REFERENCE.md#health-entity-reference): Entity types that are attached to specific charts and use the `alarm` label.

> - [**Anomaly Advisor**](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/dashboard/anomaly-advisor-tab.md): A Netdata feature that lets you quickly surface potentially anomalous metrics and charts related to a particular highlight window of interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Anomaly Advisor**](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/dashboard/anomaly-advisor-tab.md): A Netdata feature that lets you focus on potentially anomalous metrics and charts related to a particular highlight window of interest.
```
